Update environment-variables.md (#6880)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/environment-variables.md

//=> (env.production) "pk_xyz1234"
```

> if using [module workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/migrating-to-module-workers/) then you will need to add your environment variables explicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if using [module workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/migrating-to-module-workers/) then your environment variables are available on the [`env`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event/#parameters) parameter passed to your worker's [`fetch` event handler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event/#syntax-module-worker).
```

//=> (env.production) "pk_xyz1234"
```

If using [module Workers](/workers/learning/migrating-to-module-workers/), your environment variables are available on the [`env` parameter](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event/#parameters) passed to your Worker's [`fetch` event handler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event/#syntax-module-worker). Refer to the below example:

```ts
export interface Env {
  API_TOKEN: string;
}
export default {
  async fetch(
    request: Request,
    env: Env,
    ctx: ExecutionContext
  ): Promise<Response> {
    console.log(env.API_TOKEN)
  }
}
```

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
